# MoodPet
What does this project do? 
    This project is called MoodPet and is a tamagotchi like game where you try to keep your pet alive by keeping its overall happiness bar above 0. This bar is influenced by 3 other stats: hunger, playfulness, and hygeine. You must use the given items to keep your pet alive, level up, and collect coins. With these coins you can unlocked more pets, accessories, and even backgrounds!
Why did I make this project?
    I wanted to make a semi easy (was harder than planned) html/css/javascript game while I learned how to code in html, css, and javascript. I figured this game would help me get more familiar with html, css, and javascript and help me become more confident in coding in these languages for my other future projects.
How did I make this project?
    At first, I drafted in general what features I would like in the game as well as the pages. Once this was done I began working on the html/css for each page. I would first do the html for the general actions/buttons and then format the page using css. I would do this for all the pages I wanted in my game and then move onto the JS. I was forced to edit some html/css to make some of my JS work but for the most part it was fine. At the very end I realized that my habit of not commenting my code left most of it hard to read. So I went back and commented important sections.
What I strugged with and what I learned?
    I struggled the most with the Javascript section. Despite having coding knowledge from Java, I didn't know any Javascript. As such, I had to watch multiple full courses and crash courses to familiarize myself well enough to code my project. I also used google to find the code that I needed sometimes. However, I was able to learn how to code in html, css, and Javascript better because of this Project.